docs: Clarify endpoint locations for JWT and Email IdP (#458)
serverpod/serverpod_docs: docs/06-concepts/11-authentication/01-setup.md

  await pod.start();
}
```

> Then, extend the abstract endpoint for refreshing JWT tokens to expose it on the server, by creating a new endpoint file in your server's lib/src/endpoints/ directory so that the generator can detect and register the endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then extend the abstract endpoint for refreshing JWT tokens to expose it on the server. Create the file anywhere under your server's `lib/` directory (for example, `<project>_server/lib/src/endpoints/`); the generator picks it up:
```
